texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called d to prevent it running standalone.  Instead, this dump has a completely valid checksum.  It only lacks an on-board CIC that provides the proper seed value and countersum.

  Board is an NUS-GC7-X1(Y), (c)1997 Nintendo.  No CIC is present, eeprom and SRAM sockets are empty but there is a battery on the board.

  Maskrom chip reads:
NUD-JPN-1
C9747 34011A

  Dumped via ultraSave, 0x400000 bytes from A6000000.
texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called ﻿  This file was dumped from a development IPL cartridge.  Unlike most, this one had no sticker label, just a labelmaker-style sticker on the back in Japanese identifying it as property of Monegi Corp.
  Unlike Acey's v1.0 build this one is based on a v1.1 IPL.  Note retail IPLs are v1.2 and have a slightly different checksum algorithm.
  Also unlike Acey's dump, much less of the ROM has been purposefully corrupte  This file was dumped from a development IPL cartridge.  Unlike most, this one had no sticker label, just a labelmaker-style sticker on the back in Japanese identifying it as property of Monegi Corp.
  Unlike Acey's v1.0 build this one is based on a v1.1 IPL.  Note retail IPLs are v1.2 and have a slightly different checksum algorithm.
  Also unlike Acey's dump, much less of the ROM has been purposefully texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called texas is now called 